yo yo what are you - this be Papaji
phone what's everybody I'm at Best Buy
right just pick up a few things and on
let me show you guys so Cynthia my local
Best Buy right there
so I'm ya got a couple of things some
pretty cool things so um you know I'm
gonna give you a sneak peek what I got
and stay tuned because all this week
next week a lot of boxing's a lot of
good videos coming I've had three
unboxing camera tests all those good
things so stay tuned to the channel make
sure to subscribe hit that you know but
I'm right in the left corner right then
the liquid or whatever it might be but
yeah be subscribe and I'm gonna show you
guys what I got from Best Buy so the
things that I got was you can see right
there got my handy dandy bag so I did
get FIFA Street look at that baby boom
baby
FIFA shree baby tan can't wait to play
this game heard a lot of good things
also I did play the tombe DUP not
debatable the demo it was awesome so let
me know if you're getting this games
people Street so stay tuned for them
boxing which is after this video it's
kinda like an introduction video and I
also picked up why it's a pre-order
Assassin's Creed pretty as you can see
so once you preorder that's Creed 3 from
Best Buy you do get this steelbook case
which it looks awesome so all you have
to do go to your local Best Buy I'll put
like five bucks ten bucks doesn't really
matter
two bucks whatever it might be and you
get this for free so it's pretty cool
you can see your Sanskrit 3 artwork in
the front looks awesome the side and the
back so I will be doing a quick unboxing
of this steelbook case really soon so
I'm yes and all free to do this unboxing
people so stay tuned I saw this
unboxing people she can't wait to play
this game so as you can see the front
looks amazing looks awesome we do have
mention the front cover people sri a
sports writer
already for everyone which is nice you
do have the official license sticker
there FIFA as well and I did get the ps3
edition on the side we do have people
Street same thing ps3 ea sports and look
at the pair we do have another
messy and it says from the creators of
people's soccer okay so that's pretty
cool I said looking at the bottom we do
have players 1 through 7 I'll never play
is pretty much multiplayer 2 to 8 we do
have 4633 kilobytes which wow that's not
even a lot it's really good
required drive space and it should be
output for your piece and Tony P 1080i
1018 hi that's really nice dual shock 3
compatible second pair of blue with this
Dolby Digital best surround sound so
that is the back as you can see the
front so let's unbox into his bad voice
oh my god can't wait to play this girl
come on come on open for me
please open I saw this open it for the
first time so the first thing that we
see we do have the game this as you can
see people sri really don't like that
already so simple so you can see we got
this monster color it's kind of like a
yellowish DFAS tree ready to eat for
everyone the fifa franchise logo theorem
blu-ray disc ps3 so that is the game
disc really simple but whatever so let's
put that to the side for now
also over here in the side we do have
this what is it some player lee play
more play better this is the EA
season-ticket you guys want to spend 25
bucks basically what this does is that
you spend 25 bucks and you get every
single EA game they release three days
before everybody else you can play it
all you just download it onto your
console which is I think that's a total
waste because I'm EA doesn't release
that many games in a year so 25 bucks is
like you know just throwing it to the
trash so on there you go that is the
season ticket I do believe it reaches
for 25 bucks and I can show you guys the
bag because in the bag I don't have my
online pass which I'm gonna show you
guys but that is the seizing ticket over
here there advertising on Grand Slam
tennis - I'm not a big fan of tennis but
that is Grand Slam tennis - and the last
thing that we do have is the manual and
we're not really a manual but whatever
it says manual included on disc ea
sports kinda like a little booklet um
the first thing that we do have the
warranty limited 90-day warranty the you
know pre-med fossils in Spanish and all
that so that is kind of
quick man iam supposedly so yeah just a
quick unboxing of people's soccer for
the ps3 can't wait to play this game on
she gonna pop it and right on to my ps3
and play on something else watching my
quick unboxing a FIFA she mention times
up this videos me so much he goes no
much it helps me comments Christian on
below if you're picking up this game
today or when is picking it up and
subscribe if you haven't and I'll see
you in my next video thanks for watching
is people Street for the win for the win
by the way give a sweet baby